season: 4
year: 2013
episodes: 10

---

episode: 1
theme: cakes
signature: sandwich cake
technical: angel food cake
showstopper: chocolate cake

---

episode: 2
theme: bread
signature: 36 bread sticks
technical: 8 english muffins
showstopper: decorative loaf

---

episode: 3
theme: desserts
signature: trifle
technical: floating islands
showstopper: 24 petit fours

---

episode: 4
theme: pies and tarts
signature: double crusted fruit pie
technical: 12 egg custard tarts
showstopper: filo pie

---

episode: 5
theme: biscuits and traybakes
signature: traybake
technical: 18 tuiles
showstopper: biscuit tower

---

episode: 6
theme: sweet dough
signature: tea loaf
technical: apricot couronne
showstopper: 24 sweet european buns

---

episode: 7
theme: pastry
signature: suet pudding
technical: 8 religieuses
showstopper: 36 puff pastry canapes

---

episode: 8
theme: alternative ingredients
signature: wheat free loaf
technical: hazelnut dacquoise
showstopper: dairy-free vegetable cake

---

episode: 9
theme: french week
signature: 36 canapes
technical: charlotte royal
showstopper: opera cake

---

episode: 10
theme: final
signature: picnic pie
technical: 12 pretzels
showstopper: three tiered wedding cake
